[Ruby] Concept Exercise: arrays (#1611)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/arrays/.docs/after.md

> Data structures that can hold zero or more elements are known as _collections_. An **array** in Ruby is a collection that maintains the ordering in which its objects are added. Arrays can hold any object. Objects can be added to an array or retrieved from it using an index. Ruby array indexing is zero-based, meaning that the first element's index is always zero:

Reviewer: > Arrays can hold any object

Should that be `Arrays can hold any type of object`?

Reviewer 2: No. I think this is correct. What do you not like about it?

> Data structures that can hold zero or more elements are known as _collections_. An **array** in Ruby is a collection that maintains the ordering in which it’s given objects. Ruby arrays can hold any item that is an instance of an object. Elements can be assigned to an array or retrieved from it using an index. Ruby arrays are zero-based, meaning that the first element's index is always zero:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data structures that can hold zero or more elements are known as _collections_. An **array** in Ruby is a collection that maintains the ordering in which its objects are added. Arrays can hold any object. Objects can be added to an array or retrieved from it using an index. Ruby array indexing is zero-based, meaning that the first element's index is always zero:
```

```ruby

> # Declare array with explicit size (size is 2)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Declare an array containing two values
```

two_ints = [1,2];

# Assign first and second element by index
two_ints[0] = 7;
two_ints[1] = 8;

# Retrieve the second element by index

> two_ints[1] == 8; # => true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
two_ints[1] # => 8
```

# Check the length of the array

> two_ints.size == 2; # => true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
two_ints.size # => 2
```

```

In Ruby there are multiple ways of creating an Array:

> - Using the literal constructor `[]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Using the literal constructor `[]` _(most common)_
```

> - Explicitly calling `Array.new`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Explicitly calling `Array.new`
```

> - Calling the Kernel `Array()` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Calling the Kernel `Array()` method
```

> The `Array.new` method supports two optional arguments: the initial size of the array and a default object. When sending the second parameter, the same object will be used as the value for all the array elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Array.new` method supports two optional arguments: the initial size of the array and a default object.

When a size and default are provided, the array is populated with `size` copies of default object.
```

```ruby
a = Array.new(2, Hash.new)
# => [{}, {}]
```

Since all the Array elements store the same hash, changes to one of them will affect them all.

```ruby
a[0]['cat'] = 'feline'
a # => [{"cat"=>"feline"}, {"cat"=>"feline"}]

a[1]['cat'] = 'Felix'
a # => [{"cat"=>"Felix"}, {"cat"=>"Felix"}]
```

If multiple copies are what you want, you should use the block version which uses the result of that block each time an element of the array needs to be initialized:

```ruby
a = Array.new(2) {Hash.new}
a[0]['cat'] = 'feline'
a # => [{"cat"=>"feline"}, {}]
```

> Another characteristic of Ruby arrays is that it mixes in the [Enumerable][enumerable-module] module which bring a lot of handy methods to iterate, search, sort, filter, etc. elements of an array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another characteristic of Ruby arrays is that they mix in the [Enumerable][enumerable-module] module, which adds a lot of handy methods to iterate, search, sort, filter, etc. elements of an array.
```
